You  are  allowed  to  complete  the  assessment  problems  below  in  whatever  way  you  can  but  please 
answer the following questions/points as part of your submission: 

1. How many hours did it take you to complete this assessment? (Please keep try to keep track of 
how many hours you have spent working on each individual part of this assessment as best you 
can - an estimation is fine; we just want a rough idea.) 

I think this took me about 2-3 hours overall. I forgot to add my media queries and had to go back and add those.
I'm not super familiar with them (even though I should be) but I found the average screen sizes of tablets and phones and started there!
I also noticed that my iframes from youtube were acting strangely so I had to adjust those at a third media query.

2. What online resources you have used? (My lectures, YouTube, Stack overflow etc.) 

Mostly stackOverflow for some styling things, a little bit of chatGPT (not in the way where I ask it to do the whole project for me), google, etc.

3. Did you need to ask any of your friends in solving the problems. (If yes, please mention name of 
the friend. They must be amongst your class fellows.) 

I did not end up needing to ask anyone for help on this one.

4. Did you need to ask questions to any of your instructors? If so, how many questions did you ask 
(or how many help sessions did you require)? 

I also did not end up needing to ask any instructors for asistance - Though maybe I should have!

5. Rate (subjectvely) the difficulty of Making this all! from your own perspective, and whether you 
feel confident that you can solve a similar but different problem requiring some of the same 
techniques in the future now that you’ve completed this one. 

I found this particlarly easy to complete. I have a bit of experience doing this already, which heled immensely. 
I feel confident that I could complete this and much more right now. 
I think the thing that I had the most difficulty was understanding the specific requirements laid out in the document, so please forgive me if I missed anything!
I find it helpful to have everything laid out in points - I understand this is a comprehension "issue" on my part and this is mainly what I end up using chatGPT for.
